 CH22


			      
 wrestling



  Kit and Angie are watching TV in the basement. There watching
  wrestling. The peacock is challanging a Rockeweller to the
  championship when a manager walks and forces a match where he wrestles
  his partners.






















  Angie shakes her head and says, "I wonder how he's going to get out of
  this?" Kit looks at her and says, "I love watching it also but you do
  realise it's fake don't you?" Angie looks at her and says, "Those guys
  are real athletes I bet any of those guys can take on a football
  player and win." Kit laughs and says, "After a two weeks of argueing
  then you have to order pay per view to see it" Angie turns off the TV
  because the show is off. She pulls out two tickets and I was going to
  take you to see the amtch actually but since you hate it so much fine
  I'll ask Jacklyn" Kit laughs and syas, "Yeah that will stop the girl
  from hitting on you. Take her out on a date probably have sex after
  words. then expect her to leave you alone" Angie throws down a ticket
  and says, "Well if you want to go there. If not go to hell" Kit is
  smileing and says, "Angie, I told you I'm not going on a date with you
  until I fill comfortable that your not going to imabarese me" Angie
  turns and says, "It wasn't a date Kit. It was just two friends geting
  together and having fun. I don't even want you to dress up. Just wear
  you ammo party shirt" Kit smiles and says, "Why where you going to
  take Jacklyn. Angie replies, "That's the point"

  Kit stops her at the top of the stairs and says, "Angie, I was just
  wondering. How did you afford those tickets? The bar closed down"
  Angie says, "I have lots in saveing plus I do get paid to work at the
  book store" Kit replies, "Well what are you going to do. Your acting
  like it didn't even effect you. Your best friend was arrested for
  murder and your businees got closed down because of it" Angie shrugs
  and says, "So what. Kit when you work in a place like that alot of the
  people you know ain't going to be like they seem. We all knew Misty
  loved to torture men. She had a usual group that injoyed it. But other
  times she would trick new guys in for her fun. So killing people for
  hire ain't reallly a shock" Kit leaves goes upstaris and says, "Well
  I'm hurt I really though she was a good person. She came to my rescue
  when I needed her, and she always helped people out. So I'm a little
  hurt that she had a drak side"

  Angie walks up behind her and says, "Everyone has a dark side Kit. How
  about you? I mean you have injoy love being spanked and me calling you
  mommy. Also Iheard you let Josh piss on you" Kit looks and says,
  "Again go to hell"

  Kit oepsn the door to Mike's room and sees him on the bed geting head
  from a naked cat. A grey cat with black spots. that is also jacking
  off his own dick" Kit closes the door slowly adn says, "Ok Mike has a
  boyfriend now" Angie replies, "Oh how do you know that?" Kit answers
  her, "Because Mike is geting a blow job from him" Just then the bed
  starts squeeking and they hear, "Damn" Kit and Angie leave a little
  shocked. Kit says, "I thought he was just saying he was gay" As they
  make it to the stairs another cat fitting the man's discriptions walks
  past in a towel. She smiles at Kit and ANgie adn says, "Are you going
  to join? My brother always says the more the marrier" Angie shrugs and
  says, "WHy not" Kit grabs her hand and says, "Because those are two
  strangres" The cat replies, "Oh you like the girlfriend experiance?"
  Kit blinks and sasy, "your a whore?" The cat rolls her eyes and says,
  "Please. Whores are cheap. I prefer to call myself a call girl. And my
  borhter is a escort" Kit wlkas down the staris and ahppily ANigie
  following. She looks at Angie and sasy, "I think we might need to have
  a talk with Mike" Angie replies, "Why?" Kit says, "Because he hired
  two whores" Angie rolls her eyes says, "There excorts. They cots alot
  more" Kit confused asks, "Is there a diference?" Angie shrugs and
  says, "Not really but the more expensive ones hate being called a
  whore"

  Kit sits on teh couch and says, "If people pay you to fuck there is
  something wrong with you" Angie laughs. Kit looks and sasy< "yes,
  there is something wrong with you if you fuck for a sandwhich" Angie
  repleis, "Hey I really love sandwhiches"


 Vicky and Beth



  Vicky is carrying a box upstaris adn says, "Well this is the last one"
  Beth walks over and says, Thanks for cleaning out the basement."
