Chapter          13

Fight    continued
   The   next   day  Kit  walks   in the  kitchen    wearing   the  clothes  she  had  on  the
day before.   Angie   is standing   resting  against   the  sink cabinet   drinking  a cup  of
coﬀee.  She’s   looking  at the  ﬂoor  thinking.
   Kit   groans   and   says,  ”Hey”   Angie    sighs  and   says,  ”Well  what   now?”    Kit
puzzled  asks,   ”What    do  you  mean?     we’re  still friends”  Angie   replies, ”Kit  we
can’t go   back  to  the  way   things  where.    I  just  proposed   to  you  and  you   shot
me  down.    Now   we   have  to  decide  what’s    next”   Kit waits   a second   before  an-
swering,  ”We    can  always    go back.    I mean    Angie   I do  love  you”   Angie   looks
up  and  says,   ”Kit,  I don’t   want   it  to be   weird   now.   I put   on  a huge   show
for you  and   you  shot   me  down    in front   of everyone”    Kit  gets  mad   again  and
says, ”Angie   right there.   You  did it for  you.  Will  you  fucking  listen to yourself?”

   Angie    walks  out  and   says, ”Well?     It costed   me  a lot of money”    Kit  shakes
her head   and  goes  back  to  her room    mad.   Angie   goes  out  to her  car and  leaves.

Beth    meets      Spec
   Beth   pulls  up  to a bookstore    and   sees Twilight   books.   She’s  hung  over  from
the night   before  and   goes  inside.   She   walks   over  to the  psychology    books   by
habit but   then  wonders   over  to the  fantasy   ﬁction   section.  After  ﬁnding   a book
about  a space   princess  that  has  to  help  rescue   her prince.  She  goes  up  to check
out.

   She’s   never  looks  up  she  puts  the   book  on   the counter   and  opens   her purse
asking, ”Do    you  take credit  cards?”   Angie   is also  not paying   attention  and  says,
”Yep”  Beth    then  looks  up  and  sees  her.
   In  disbelief  Beth   blinks  and  says,   ”What     the hell  are you  doing   here  for?”
Angie  still pissed  at  Kit  says, ”What     does  it look  like Beth?   I’m  working.    Kit
wanted   a  fucking  job  so  I got one   with   her.  But   no  here  I’m  the one  working
while  she’s  the  one  at home”    Beth    groans   and   says, ”Call   me  later I feel like
shit” Spec   is walking   around    the store   with   a coﬀee   cup  in his hand,   and  sees
Angie.  He   can’t  help  but  say, ”So  still upset   about   last night?”  Angie   looks up
pissed and   says,  ”What    KIt  saying  I’m   a self centered   bitch?  or the  part  where
she embarrassed     the  hell out  of me?”    Spec  laughs   and  replies, ”Angie   have  you
thought   maybe    she’s  right?”   Angie   shakes   her   head  and   says, ”Fucking    Beth
shows  up  and   everyone   is a shrink”

   Beth   looks   at Spec   and  says,  ”Do    you  have   a degree   in psychology?”    Spec
replies, ”Navy    engineer”   Beth  groans    not  feeling  good.  Spec   then  continues   by


asking,  ”Why    are  you  here  by the  way”.    Beth   groans   and  leaves.

Kit

    Kit is on  the  couch  pissed  when   Jessy   sits down.   Jessy   lays  down   resting her
feet on  Kit.  Kit  looks  and  says,  ”Do   I look   like a foot  rest?”   Jessy   shrugs  and
says, ”I  know    your  pissed  at  my  sister”   Kit  groans   and   moves    Jessy’s  feet oﬀ
of her  saying,   ”Yes  I’m  mad   at her   she’s  very   selﬁsh”  Jessy   stands   up  saying,
”Ain’t  you  the  one that  always   said, ’you  want   someone    to show    a big gesture’?”
Kit groans   and   says, ”When    did  I ever  tell you  that?”   Jessy  frowns    and  says, ”I
have  to  listen to  Angie  every   night.   that’s  one  reason   I’m   wanting    to move   in
with  Beth   and  Vicky”  Kit  knows   Jessy   is trying  to make   her  sister  sound  better.
Kit sighs   and  says,  ”Does   this have   anything    with   you  wanting    me   to be  your
sister?”  Jessy  looks  innocent   and   won’t   look   right at  her.  Before    saying, ”Um
know   why   do  you  think  that?”   Kit  smiles   and   replies, ”Because     you’ve  always
followed   us  around   and  even   had  a  time   where   you   dressed   like  me.   It made
Angie  really  jealous”
    Jessy  goes  back   to her  and  Angie’s   room    without   saying   anything    else. Kit
lays on  the  couch   thinking.   She sighs   and   says, ”What    is now?”

    Kit  ﬁnally   frustrated  walks   up  stairs.   She  looks  into  Josh’s   room   and   sees
him  sitting  on  his bed watching    TV.   Kit  smiles  and   walks  in there   saying,  ”Hey,
why  ain’t  you  at work?”   Josh   shrugs   and  says,  ”Oﬀ   today.   Why    are  you  here?”
Kit smiles   and  says, ”Same”    Josh  scoots   over  giving  her room    to sit down.   After
Kit sits  down   she  says, ”So   why  did  we   break   up?”  Josh   shrugs   and   says, ”We
never  dated.   We  screwed   around   started   having   fun then”,   he  shrugs   again, ”We
stopped.   I waited   for you  to  start talking    to me   again.  Because     I was  going  to
ask you  out.   But  then  you  started  dating,   Angie”    Kit sighs  replying,   ”We   never
started  oﬃcially    dating  till not  to long   ago.   Which    is actually    something    for
Angie.  She’s   not  really dated  many    people”    He  replies, ”Thought      her and  Mike
got pretty   heated,  and  what   about   that   psycho   that  tried  to  kill you  and  her?”
Kit nods   and   says, ”But   that  was  only   two   people”   Josh  still looking   at the tv
says, ”And    how  many   have   you dated”    Kit  thinks   for a minute    but  gives up  and
says, ”Ok   But   Todd  did  ask  me  out  our  sophomore     year”   She  then   makes  a face
thinking   that  Josh  thinks  is cute  and  says,   ”But  he  started   dating   Ashley  right
after that”
    Josh  turns   to his side  saying,  ”Kit,   I just  have  to  take  this  moment     to say.
The  truth   is you   don’t really  know    what    it’s like to  date.   You    dated  no  one
before  Angie”   Kit  stops him   and  says,  ”You    forgot  about  Gigi”   Josh   laughs  and
says, ”Oh   that  annoying   rabbit   that  never   shut  up?”   Kit  frowns   and  says,  ”She
is a nice  girl, and  by  the  way.  I still talk   to her”   Josh  laughs    and  says,  ”Well
she did  have   some  huge  tits”  Kit groans    and  slaps  him  playfully.    Before  getting
up  and  going   back  downstairs   to  watch   tv.


Angie      understands
    Angie   is scanning    a book   that  someone    is buying   when    the person    says, ”So
any   advice  on  what    to  read?”    Angie   nods   and  says,   ”I like threw    the  water.
I really”  She   then   stops   hearing   how   many    times  she   said, I. She   hears   Kit’s
voice  say, ”All  you   do  is think  about   yourself.  Everything     has  to be  about   you”
She  sighs  and   says,  ”Sir,   what   kind  of books   do  you   like?”  The   man   that  was
getting  out  some    cash  from   a wallet  to  pay  says,  ”Action   and   sciﬁ”  Angie   nods
and  says,  ”Actually    I just  had  a customer    check  out,  Star  Net.  It’s about   a man
who   builds  a network    to  connect   a bunch   of isolated  space   colonies  but  after one
part  goes  silent a  bunch    of things  happen    that  leads  to a bunch   of  bad  stuﬀ  like
a space   war  and   even   attacks  from   outside  places   after the  problems     expand   to
other  colonies”   The    man    nods  and  says,  ”Thanks     mam    that  does   sound   good.
Usually   people   just  tell me   their personal   favorite.  You   actually  helped    me”  He
goes  back  and   gets  the   book.

    After  Angie   pays   for  it he slides her  a ﬁve  and   says,  ”Here  that’s   for helping
me”   Angie   sticks  the  ﬁve  in her  pocket   while  looking   for Cindy   or  Spec  because
she  don’t  know   there   policies  on  gratuities
    Angie   sighs  realising   she  needs  to go  home   and   tell Kit  sorry.  She  hopes   she
hasn’t  done   to  much    damage.      She  yells, ”Hey   Spec,   is it alright  if I leave  for
lunch  now?”    She’s  replied   with,  ”Going   to  spend   that  ﬁve?”   Angie   is impressed
and  says, ”How    did  you   know   I got that?”   He  replies, ”I  saw  you  on  the  camera”
Angie   smiles  and   says,  ”OH    nice  ﬁlming   me   now?   I can  put  on  a  show   for you
if you’d  like”  showing    some    cleave  for him.   He  yells, ”JUST     GO    TO   LUNCH,
ANGIE!”     Angie   walks    out  laughing,   at this point  she  knows    deep  down    that  he
has  no  interest  in  her.  She   just ﬂirts to  get a  rise out  of him.


Angie’s      sorry
    Angie   hurries   home    to see  Kit  passed  out  on  the  couch   watching    a day  time
talk  show.   Angie    laughs   and   says, ”They    do  the  same   to  me”   Kit  sits up  fast
and  says,  ”I’m  still mad”    Angie   sighs and  says,  ”You   have  every  right   to be” Kit
blinks  very  shocked     she’s  never   heard  Angie   talk  fault  with  something.      Angie
sighs  again  and   says,   ”For   the record   I wasn’t   showing   over  my   money.     I pro-
posed   to you   the  way   I’ve  always   wanted   a  man   to propose    to  me”   Kit  laughs
and   says,  ”A  man?”     Angie    shrugs   and  says,   ”Yeah   I  had  weird    dreams   as  a
little girl” Kit  smiles   and    says, ”OK”    Angie   smiles   and  says,  ”I  take  your  not
mad   at  me  anymore?”       Kit  shakes   her head   and   says,  ”No   I’m  still pissed  just
thought   it was   funny.    That    a super   slut wants   to  settle  down   with   a  man.   I
thought   the  only   reason   you   liked me   was  because    I allowed   you  to  fuck  men”
Angie   gets  mad    and   says,  ”I’m   saying  sorry   here”  Kit  stern  faced   says,  ”In  a


way  that still shows  oﬀ”  Angie  groans  and  says, ”I’m  really trying   here. what
else do you  want?”   Kit  replies,  ”If your  really trying  then  let me   teach  you
manners”  She   says, it expecting   Angie  to shoot  it down  and  storm    oﬀ but  in-
stead Angie  thinks about  it and  leaves with a look that shows  she’s still thinking.


