Chapter 12
The big day
Angie wakes up with her head throbbing. She then says, ”Damn blacked
out at work. I ain’t done that in years”. She then looks around realizing where
she is and sees the empty whiskey bottle and half drank one.
She looks at the clock above the bar and says, ”Fuck it’s ten o‘clock” She
stands up quick but ends up running to the trash can and vomiting.
Chase walks down and sees her on the floor and runs over to her. Angie
looks up and says, ”Could you turn the lights off?” Chase looks around and
says, ”Angie it’s day time that’s the sun” She hands Chase her phone and says,
”Here call God and tell him to kill the lights”, before throwing up again.
He helps her up and says, ”Here lets get a cold shower and I’ll get you some
ibuprofen and water” Angie replies, ”I prefer to shower alone right now. I need
to get ready for Kit” she then feels her pants and says, ”And why is my pants
wet?” Chase concerned says, ”Angie no one is making you do this” Angie shakes
her head and says, ”I love Kit” then goes into her bathroom.
In the kitchen Mike says, ”Damn is she still drunk?” Chase gets the ibuprofen out and feels a big glass of water up and says, ”No she just has a hang over
from hell” Mike finishes his coffee and says, ”Well what ever happens. We’re
going to be eating good tonight” Chase frowns and says, ”Mike our sister might
be getting married soon, and all you can think about is food?” Mike smiles and
says, ”I know Kit really good. I know what she’s going to say”, shrugs, ”I’m
getting ready for work”

Jessy throws a fit
Jessy sits down at the table and sees pancakes, sausage, bacon, and eggs.
Her mom smiles and says, ”Jessica, your dad and I aren’t going to fight you.
We talked last night and decided. Your graduated from high school, and really
to young to get a full time job. So we’re going to let you stay with Angie” Jessy
rolls her eyes and says, ”It wasn’t up to you. I already told you I’m here just
for a couple of days. In a few hours Vicky is going to come here and pick me
up. If you don’t like it I’ll sneak out a window again.” Her dad nods and says,
”I nailed all your windows shut”
Jessy gets mad, stands up and says, ”The hell” Her mom says, ”Jessica”.
Jessy interrupts, ”It’s Jessy what is so damn hard about that” She then nudges
her way past them and goes to her room.

She sits down on her bed then walks over to her window and sees her dad
wasn’t lying. She shakes her head and says, ”They’re going to imprison me
here. She lays down on her bed and says, ”I hate it here” Her self pity session
is interrupted by a knock on the door.
Jessy groans and says, ”I don’t care what you have to say” Her mom tries
to open the door. Jessy laughs and says, ”I locked it” She then hears some keys
and the door unlocks. She screams, ”THE FUCK, DAD!” Her dad walks in
with her mom. They’re not happy. Her dad says, ”Jessica, until your eighteen
your in our care. I know you think you can come and go as you please. But if
your hurt or get in trouble it’s on our head”
Jessy rolls her eyes and says, ”Fuck you” Her dad screams, ”Jessica Amber,
enough with your mouth. Remember what happened when you where twelve?”
Jessica, smirks and says, ”Your going to wash my mouth out again? well fuck
you. You cock sucking mother fucking bi...” She’s surprised with a slap to the
face. Angry he says, ” We where trying to be nice. We where going to make
you stay here.” Jessy is still holding her face, and says, ”You hit me. I can call
the police”. He then takes off his belt and says, ”Well if that’s the case” Jessy
rolls her eyes and says, ”Get out of my room”
Her dad is clearly raging mad. Her mom walks up to her dad and says,
”Come on” Jessy rolls her eyes and says, ”You to bitch” Her parents leave. She
shakes her head pissed.
After laying in there for a while she smells some food. So she goes down to
get lunch. To see her mom and dad eating but nothing for her. So she says,
”Where’s mine?” Her dad shrugs and says, ”In the store” Jessy is stunned and
speechless and says, ”What? It’s your job to feed me” Her mom replies, ”A
minute ago you just made a big deal about being you own person and making
your own rules. So we agreed. Your smart you graduated early and have been
living with Angie for the past few months. So you can eat when you get there”
Jessy’s groans and says, ”No it’s your job to do this” Her dad looking down
at his food replies, ”This is what you wanted. You wanted us to let you do what
you want. But now your wanting all the benefits of obeying our rules. You can’t
have your cake and eat it to”
Jessy is mad and says, ”You can’t do this?” Her mom says, ”Go on call the
police. Tell them we’re starving you and beating you. Then you’ll get put into
foster care and they’ll make you listen and obey their rules” Jessy stands there
stunned and says, ”I just got blackmailed by my parents”
Finishing his food her dad says, ”OK. Now that your not screaming and
thinking your big shit. Will finish what we where saying” Her mom looks up
and says, ”We’re going to put you in the care of your sister, Angie. I thought

having you spend time with Kit will help you but it seems it hasn’t but this
time we’re going to talk to your sister so when you get home I’m sure things
are going to change” Jessy rolls her eyes and laughs. There’s then a car horn
outside and Jessy says, ”OK I don’t think Angie will listen but OK”, rolls her
eyes, ”But there waiting on me so I have to go” Jessy’s parents make her hug
them and she leaves.

Angie
Angie gets out of the shower, puts her clothes on and walks to her room.
Chase walked in a bit before and put the water and medicine on the bathroom
counter. She took them right after he closed the door.
She’s feeling mostly better. But knows Kit is on her way home and will be
back in a few hours. Chase who’s laying on the couch asks her if she’s OK.
Angie nods and runs back down to the basement.
She pulls out her phone and calls, Misty. Jacklyn answers with, ”Hey sweet
stuff” Angie groans and says, ”Jacklyn if I called you last night I”m sorry. I had
way to much to drink and can’t remember much after the fifth glass” Jacklyn
laughs and says, ”OK. Do you need anything?” Angie replies, ”Yes why do you
have Misty’s phone? Second I need to talk to Misty” Jacklyn replies, ”OH after
I got back from outback I remembered I was suppose to get your ring for you
and ran into her. We had a few drinks next thing I know I’m tied to the bed
naked getting spanked with a paddle naked”
Angie replies, ”Yeah... Well I got the ring but thinks. Now is Misty near
you? I just have to get my other hand untied. That she forgot about last night”
Angie confused asks, ”She let you stay last night?”

